In this lab we're going to talk about a couple of use cases for bucket policies.
So if you remember a bucket policy is a resource based policy whereas identity based policies are when
you're applying the policy to a user group or role.
So there are specific use cases for each.
An example of when you might want to use an identity based policy is if you want to apply the policy
to multiple buckets.
So you want to give permissions across multiple buckets.
In that case you want to apply it for an identity based policy rather than having to duplicate policies
around lots of different buckets.
But there are other times when a bucket policy makes more sense.
And this page on the Amazon Web site gives you some good examples of CRB showing the link with you in
the course downloads.
So I'm going to cover off two of these right now.
And if you've got time I would suggest that you should have a look and try and practice with as many
of these as you can.
The two that I'm going to pick these ones here the restricting access to specific IP addresses and restricting
access to a specific HTTP referral.
These are quite easy to set up and also these are definitely come up on exam questions recently.
So that's why I want to cover these right now.
So we're going to cover off the restricting access to specific IP addresses first and if we just come
down to this section of the page we've got some code here that we can use.
So it tells us that the following example grants permission to any user to perform any S3 operations
on objects in the bucket but the request must originate from the range of IP addresses specified in
the condition.
So we have a range which is this here.
So 54 to 41 for free dot 0 slash 24.
So that's an entire 24 bit mask subnet.
We then have a not IP address statement and this condition specifies that the source cannot be this
one particular address and the 32 bit mask tells us that it's this specific address it can't be any
variable of that.
So in other words because this sits in the same subnet every host on the subnet will be allowed except
for this one host.
So let's head over to the console now say back in S3 I've actually copied in the code and I've modified
my IP address and my ARN.
So this is actually it's not my IP address.
This is the next one above.
Mine is actually 94 so 58 96 14 94 because I want to show you this working first that we're actually
able to access S3 because our address is one of the ones within this range and it's not the one
that's been specifically excluded.
And the other thing we need to do is go as a block public access and actually turn off the block all
public access.
Now I've already done it.
You need to click edit and then just uncheck the box.
It will ask you to type confirm in order to confirm.
So Amazon brought this in some time ago now to try and increase the security of S3 because a lot of
companies were finding that they left some buckets open to public access and then there's been a few
security breaches because of that.
So you might want to have this on normally but in this case we actually need it to be switched off.
So and that's because our principle is * which means anyone.
So we've got the bucket policies set up and at the moment I have a user logged in called Sam.
Now just quickly to show you Sam also has an in-line policy attached and that inline policy just allows
him to list buckets.
So that just gives the privilege to list all buckets in the S3 accounts.
So Sam has logged in in a private window here and we can see these three buckets.
Now let's go into the DCT company bucket and we can see the contents and we can hit refresh on there
and it's it's all good.
We can see it we can see everything within this bucket.
So let's head back now and go to S3 and we're going to change this to 94.
So this is my IP address and because even though we're running in a private window the address is still
received by S3.
So it should now pick up the fact that we're coming from a blocked IP address
so sure enough we hit refresh and we get an access denied.
We can still see this because it was already displayed but we get the access denied and if we head back
just to show that this is definitely working put in another address so we shouldn't be blocked now come
back hit refresh and the Access Denied message goes away so that's how blocking access via IP address
works.
And that's definitely a scenario that you might see in an exam question.
So definitely worth practicing with that making sure you're comfortable with it the next one we want
to trial is restricting access to a specific HTTP referral.
So this means that what we want to do is restrict access to the bucket to referrals that come from a
specific Web site.
So in other words if we have a link to our bucket on this website page and someone clicks it and the
HTTP referer header is sent with the data then we'll be able to allow access to that request but not to
any other request that comes from you URL that doesn't have the HTTP referral header in the packet.
So I've copied some code into my text wrangler here where I've just modified this.
So let's go back and we're going to go to our bucket and we're going to delete this policy and then
we're going to paste in a new policy.
And so what I've done here is I've changed the bucket name and ARN.
And I've put the website to my website because I have a link now coming back to this bucket.
So let's click save and we see the warning come up about public access and we're going to hit a new
tab and I'm going to paste in the URL to where I have the link pointing back to a document on in the
DCT company bucket.
So here we have a link to download this document.
And before we do that I'm going to copy the link
and head over to a private window and then we're just going to try and access this link directly.
So just by pasting this your URL into the browser and sure enough we get an Access Denied message.
Now let's come back and click on the link here which comes from digitalcloud.training.
So it should have the HTTP referer header in it.
And if we click on that link and that's just downloaded this file to my machine.
So it's a blank document.
But this is the one that was just downloaded.
So what that's doing is it's allowing us to access this link only if we come from this web page so you
can lock down to this web page and let's go back and just make sure that this is definitely working.
If I just make any change to this for instance I changed the URL to HTTP instead of HTTPS we should
now find that we get an access denied message.
So those are the two use cases for bucket policies that I wanted to show you.
And they'll definitely come up as exam questions quite often.
There's some good use cases here which are also worth going free.
So as I mentioned before I'd recommend that if you've got the time you should have a go at these as
well.